###  [:house:首頁](https://github.com/ourhimalayas/home) | [:tv:視頻](https://github.com/ourhimalayas/videos) | [:books:文字](https://github.com/ourhimalayas/txt) | [:newspaper:報道](https://github.com/ourhimalayas/news) | [:eagle:郭文](https://github.com/ourhimalayas/guomedia) | [:pray:關於](https://github.com/ourhimalayas/home/tree/master/about)
---
# Dear XXXXXXX （收信人名字）


  

I’m writing to draw your attention to the situation of Mr. Guo Wengui, also known as Miles Guo, and further to express my concern regarding some so-called Chinese dissidents living inthe U.S., campaigning against Mr. Guo Wengui, , accusing him of being a Chinesegovernment agent, and his mission here in the U.S. to destroy and disrupt theChinese democracy movement overseas.
  


  

Mr. Guo is a self-exiled Chinese businessman currently living in NewYork who is seeking asylum in the U.S. and isexposing the corruption of Chinese national figures including Vice PresidentWang Qishan, President [Xi Jinping's right-hand man](https://asia.nikkei.com/Editor-s-Picks/China-up-close/Only-Wang-Qishan-knew-what-Xi-Jinping-was-going-to-do) and, until last year, his anti-corruption czar.Mr. Guo says he has a wealth of evidence of corruption among China’s stateleaders. In early 2017, Guo fired his firstsalvos against China’s ruling elite through a handful of Chinese-language mediaoutlets based in the United States i.e. Mingjing News and the Voice of America— a live event that was cut short by the producers, leading to speculation thatV.O.A. had caved in to Chinese government pressure. In October 2017, TheHudson Institute, a Washington think tank, underpressure from China, canceled the first pre-arranged public meeting with GuoWengui—one day before the event was to be held. David Tell, chiefspokesman for Hudson, has acknowledged the institute has been under pressurefrom China. Tell also said The Hudson Institute website was the target of amajor cyber-attack traced to Shanghai. Mr. Guo has released some documents thatpurport to reveal Beijing’s controversial foreign policies in a news conferencelast year, including a document that showsorders by China's government to secretly dispatch agents to the U.S. The paperswere verified as genuine by, among others, the U.S. Federal Bureau ofInvestigation.
  


  

I’mnot surprised to see a barrage of counter accusations which began pouring inagainst Mr. Guo, mostly published in the pages of the state-run Chinese media.Warrants for his arrest were issued on charges of corruption, bribery and evenrape. China asked Interpol to issue a Red Notice calling for Guo’s arrest andextradition. He was running out of money, it was reported. In September 2017,two of Guo’s former employees had been detained, and their family members werethreatening suicide. Two of his brothers and his niece had been prosecuted andsentenced since then. The CCP government has also filed criminalcharges against him in the U.S. that were politically motivated and requestedAmerican authorities to cancel his visa.
  

However, what astonishes me is that there are so called Chinesedissidents, people who might seemlike Guo’s natural allies who,instead of supporting Mr. Guo, are posting fake documents and video clips which were produced and used bythe CCP government, trying to smear Mr. Guo and sabotage his application for political asylum. Theseso-called Chinese dissidents, are the receivers of The National Endowment forDemocracy (NED) funds. There is evidence showing that some of these people are lawyers, paralegals, interpreters andeven church volunteers. They are helping hundreds of Chinese immigrants apply forasylum using false tales of persecution, for financial profit.
  


  

Finally, I and those like me, appeal to you to support our desire forliberty, rule of law, and freedom of expression in China, by supporting Mr. GuoWengui, a genuine fighter for our cause.
  


  

Your sincerely,
  


  

XXXXXXXXXXXX （你的名字）
<u></u><sub></sub><sup></sup><strike></strike>